enterprise/reports: add users and events export (#18088)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/users-sources/user/user_basic_operations.md

An Admin can also configure whether inputting a reason for impersonation is required in the [System Settings](../../sys-mgmt/settings.md#require-reason-for-impersonation).
:::

## Export users:ak-enterprise

You can export the users in your authentik instance to a CSV file. To request a data export:

> 1. Go to **Directory > Users** in the Admin interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and navigate to **Directory > Users**.
```

2. Select a user folder, specify a search query, and set ordering as needed. The data export will honor these settings.
3. Click **Export** above the user list.

> 4. Note that the export is processed in the background. Once the export is ready, you will receive a notification in the Admin interface notification area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Note that the export is processed in the background. Once the export is ready, you will receive a notification in the Admin interface's notification area.
```
